docs: DOC-2762: Known Issue: Traefik 500 Errors (#10134)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/enterprise-install.md

Refer to the following sections to troubleshoot errors encountered when installing an Enterprise Cluster.

## Scenario - Errors in API Calls After Traefik Migration

> After the migration from ingress-nginx to ingress-traefik in Palette version 4.8.37, Traefik middleware configurations

Author: ```suggestion
After the migration to [Traefik](https://traefik.io/traefik/) as the default ingress controller in Palette version 4.8.37, Traefik `Middleware` configurations
```

> 4.8.37, Traefik `Middleware` configurations include a `maxResponseBodyBytes` limit. This limit can cause API calls to

Reviewer: 4.8.c is 4.8.47 where we introduced the migration
https://docs.spectrocloud.com/release-notes/#release-notes-4-8-c

Author: Typo on my end. Nice catch!

fail with 500 errors when response bodies exceed the configured size.

### Debug Steps

> Self-hosted environments can patch the existing Traefik `Middleware` objects to remove the `maxResponseBodyBytes` limit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In self-hosted environments, you can patch the existing Traefik `Middleware` objects to remove the `maxResponseBodyBytes` limit.
```

1. Log in to your
   [self-hosted Palette](../enterprise-version/system-management/system-management.md#access-the-system-console) or
   [Palette VerteX](../vertex/system-management/system-management.md#access-the-system-console) system console.

2. From the left main menu, select **Enterprise Cluster**.

3. On the **Overview** tab, download the **Kubernetes Config File**.

4. Open a terminal session in an environment that has network access to the affected self-hosted management cluster.

>    From your terminal, set the `KUBECONFIG` variable to the file path of the kubeconfig.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Set the `KUBECONFIG` variable to the file path of the kubeconfig.
```
I think it's obvious it's in terminal from the previous sentence.

     name: body-size-5m
     namespace: hubble-system
     resourceVersion: "38882"
     uid: 3681d06e-925f-4a7a-ab94-9666e9cc6d57
   spec:
     buffering:
       maxRequestBodyBytes: 5242880
       maxResponseBodyBytes: 5242880
   ```

6. Remove `maxResponseBodyBytes` from the affected `Middleware` objects.

   ```shell
   kubectl patch middleware body-size-5m --namespace hubble-system --type='json' \
   -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/buffering/maxResponseBodyBytes"}]'

   kubectl patch middleware body-size-10m --namespace hubble-system --type='json' \
   -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/buffering/maxResponseBodyBytes"}]'
   kubectl patch middleware body-size-15m --namespace hubble-system --type='json' \
   -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/buffering/maxResponseBodyBytes"}]'

   kubectl patch middleware body-size-20m --namespace hubble-system --type='json' \
   -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/buffering/maxResponseBodyBytes"}]'
   ```

   ```shell title="Example output" hideClipboard
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-5m patched
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-10m patched
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-15m patched
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-20m patched
   ```

> 7. Confirm the affected `Middleware` objects no longer contains `maxResponseBodyBytes`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Confirm the affected `Middleware` objects no longer contain `maxResponseBodyBytes`.
```

   kubectl patch middleware body-size-10m --namespace hubble-system --type='json' \
   -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/buffering/maxResponseBodyBytes"}]'
   kubectl patch middleware body-size-15m --namespace hubble-system --type='json' \
   -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/buffering/maxResponseBodyBytes"}]'

   kubectl patch middleware body-size-20m --namespace hubble-system --type='json' \
   -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/buffering/maxResponseBodyBytes"}]'
   ```

   ```shell title="Example output" hideClipboard
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-5m patched
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-10m patched
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-15m patched
   middleware.traefik.io/body-size-20m patched
   ```

7. Confirm the affected `Middleware` objects no longer contain `maxResponseBodyBytes`.

   ```shell
   kubectl get middleware body-size-5m --namespace hubble-system --output yaml
   kubectl get middleware body-size-10m --namespace hubble-system --output yaml
   kubectl get middleware body-size-15m --namespace hubble-system --output yaml
   kubectl get middleware body-size-20m --namespace hubble-system --output yaml
   ```

>    ```yaml title="Example output" hideClipboard

Author: ```suggestion
   ```yaml title="Example output" hideClipboard {15-17}
```
